TOM: Are you ready?
PAUL: Yes.
TOM: Pedal.
[squeaking]
PAUL: Return.
TOM: Ok.
I am at the foot of the Dolomites,
An hour's drive north of Venice, Italy.
This place is called Ai Pioppi, The Poplars.
40 years ago, a man named Bruno opened the restaurant.
Then he learned to solder,
He thought: Ok, I am doing some simple rides.
For those who come to my restaurant.
Today, after 40 years, Bruno's work looks like this.
Is this a terrible wheel of the dead? Bicycle death?
I don't know how to translate it at Ai Pioppi.
Just think of all the strange powerplants here, playgrounds, theme parks...!!
Totally dependent on manpower,
Everything here won't generate energy out of thin air.
In this case, use your foot.
There are all sorts of weird things here, and -
Ah!
carry on!
[shouting]
it has started!
pedal! pedal!
[screaming out loud]
carry on! carry on! Yes!
[More loudly yelling]
This is amazing. It only exists in - come on!
Continue to pedal!
That is... oh no, that is my phone!
That is my mobile phone. That is my mobile phone
Nothing, we continue - hey, let's go again
broken?
PAUL: I am fine.
TOM: Well, um, I might have broken my phone.
good news! I didn't break my phone.
Bad news: I broke my face.
About five minutes after the video was taken.
It’s all my pot, not theirs.
I am running on some metal, I shouldn’t do that.
I fell and my face touched the ground. Then I met a lovely Italian doctor.
Stitched 7 stitches on my face
Obviously if you do something like this, the degree of risk is acceptable.
If you don't want to take the risk, don't go, but
I really recommend you to go. This is really great,
Everyone there is great, and the first aid they provide is also in place.
But if you go: please don't be too reckless, don't be like me.
Don't think that you are invincible, just because you have stepped on a few laps.
Obey the safety warnings, be absolutely cautious, I will look at you around you.
Then if there is no video next week
That means I went to remove the 7 stitches that were stitched on my face.
[Chinese translation @大杨编]